Create new "previous-root" key purpose for root key migrations (#2639)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/security/data-encryption.mdx

keys. It is optional for PKI workers; if not specified the authentication keys
will not be encrypted on disk. This is not used by KMS workers.

> ## The `root` KMS Key and Per-Scope KEK/DEKs <sup>OSS Only</sup>

Author: I changed this back to `root` since that is what is relevant for users configuring the controller (the `purpose` is `root`). `rootKey` is still returned on the API, "fixing" that would require a change in go-kms-wrapping.

Once the job disappears from this list, the associated key version will have
been destroyed and any existing data will have been re-encrypted.

## The `previous-root` KMS key <sup>OSS Only</sup>

The `previous-root` KMS key is used when migrating to a new `root` key. Adding

> it to your configuration will inform the Controller to use it for decrypting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `previous-root` KMS key to your configuration informs the Controller to use it for decrypting
```

Reviewer: Maybe repeat `previous-root` KMS key here just to make it abundantly clear what the "it" you're referring to is?

the existing information in the database, allowing you to rotate and rewrap

> the KEKs to complete the migration to the new root key.

Reviewer: I like it! This is a good clarification.
